Fix some mini mistakes (#122)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/distinct.md

By [setting `skuid` as a distinct field](/references/settings.md#distinct-field):

```bash
 $ curl
  -X POST 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/jackets/settings' \
  --data '{ "distinctField": "skuid" }'
```

> With this settings, document request made to MeiliSearch **will never return two or more jackets with the same `skuid`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setting, search requests **will never return two or more jackets with the same `skuid`**.
```
